Metafields (#1528)
Shopify/hydrogen: docs/components/primitive/metafield.md

| Name | Type                         | Description                                                                                                                                                  |
| ---- | ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | data | <code>PartialDeep<Metafield> | null</code> | An object with fields that correspond to the Storefront API's [Metafield object](https://shopify.dev/api/storefront/reference/common-objects/metafield).     |

Reviewer: This syntax is needed so that it can render properly on Shopify.dev.

| `color`                  | A `span` containing the color value as a string.                                                                                                                                                          |
| `single_line_text_field` | A `span` component with the text.                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `multi_line_text_field`  | A `div` component with the lines of text separated by a `<br/>`.                                                                                                                                                         |
| `product_reference`      | A `span` containing the product reference title. If the title doesn't exist, then the GID is displayed.                                                                                                                                                           |

> | `file_reference`         | An `Image` component when the file reference is of type `MediaImage`, a `Video` component when the file reference is of type `Video`, an `<a>` linking to the file with a preview image of the file type for `GenericFile`, or a `span` containing the file reference GID for other file types. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `file_reference`         | An `Image` component when the file reference is of type `MediaImage`, a `Video` component when the file reference is of type `Video`, an `<a>` linking to the file with a preview image when the file reference is of type `GenericFile`, or a `span` containing the file reference GID when the file is of another type. |
```
